// es6 javascipt queston 
1 What are some of the features of ES6? 
A  : There are many features of ES6. Some of them are: Block soppe, Arrow functions, Classes, Modules, Promises, Generators, etc.
2 What is let and const? And how it differs from var? 
A : Let and const area the new keywords used in es6 .  The var is hoisted on top  and it is a global variable. let is a block scoped variable and const is a constant variable. var can reassign but const and let cannot reassign. let value can be changed but const value cannot be changed.
3 Define ECMAScript ?
A: ECMAScript is a scripting language standerdized by Ecma international in ECMA-262 and ISO/IEC 16262. 
It was created to standardize javascript and help the developers to implement javascript in different platforms and browsers.
 
 4 .Discuss spread operator in ES6?
 A : spread operator is used to copy the array or the object and it is used to merge the arrays or objects.
 5 What are the template literals in ES6? ?
 A : template literals are the string literals (``) that can used in ES6 . it is used for many purposes like multiline strings and dynamic strings.

6 Discuss Destructuring Assignment in ES6?
A :  Destructuring help us to extract the data from the array or object and assing to a variable. It is used to assign the values to the variables from the array or object.
7 What are the default parameters?
A : Default parameters are the parameters that are used to assign the default value to the function parameter if the value is not passed to the function.
8 Define Map?
A: Map is a function that is used to create a new array with the results of calling a function for every array element. 
9 What is the difference between Map and Filter?
A : The main difference between map and filter is that map returns the array with the same length as the original array and filter returns the array 
that match the condition. 
10 Explain Promises in ES6?
A : Promises handel the asynchronous operations in javascript. it work seperate from the main thread and notifies the main thread when the operation is completed.
11 Define Babel?
A : Babel is a javascript compiler that is used to convert the es6 code to es5 code or lower version .  it convert code so that it can be run in the browser.
12  What are the reasons for using arrow functions in ES6? 
A : Arrow functions are used to write the function in a short way.
it a very useful feature in ES6. it saves the time and it is easy to write. That is why it is used in ES6.
13 What are the differences between arrow functions and regular functions?
A : The main difference between arrow functions and regular functions is that arrow functions do not have their own this value.
14  What is callback and callback hell in JavaScript?
A : Callback is function that is passed as an argument to another function. Callback hell is the problem that occurs when we have multiple callbacks in a function.
15 what you mean by llFEs?
A : llFEs are the functions that are invoked immediately after they are defined. 
it aslo called as self invoking functions. 